---
title: UN VIAJE CON LOS DUENDES
tags:
  - un viaje con los duendes
  - harbinger
  - star herald
  - ecliptic
---
It all started when my volcano bag started leaking. I tried finding a replacement locally, but nobody sold the novelty item. Even the Smoken Token, the Nolo Gem, lit up like a fireworks shop on I-24 didn’t stock it.

I was sick of watching og kush vapors roll out into the air instead of in my lungs. I had to go ahead and buy the bag off eBay from an overseas vendor. The vendor was interesting. Shop called Un Viaje con Los Dos Duendes. They sold lots of little elf figurines and psychedelic experience kits. Huh, maybe I should do a “Buy it Now” on the Ayuhausca home brew kit that includes two porcelain elf figurines to act as “guides” on the journey? I looked around as I was eating Cheetos and laughing out loud to myself thinking about going on a trip with these two 4” elfs carefully painted to look as though they are dressed in pink hammer pants and metallic green vests with no sleeves. Fuck it. I guess, if you are going to design mini elf figurines, might as well express yourself.

I decided to stick with the bag purchase for the time being. When I went to checkout they had a popup clause that you had to accept before finalizing the purchase. It was extraordinarily long. I found that strange. I had just puffed down 1/2 a bag so decided what the hell. I was going to read it. It ended up being like an elf themed Dr Bronners bottle.  Un Viaje con Los Dos Duendes, who are these Vaqueros? I was reading and trying to also listen to Iron Mike Tyson talk about Magical Toads that showed him the ultimate truth. Then there was this out of place phrase hyperlinked… el tercer ojo, abrirse. I clicked. Because why wouldn’t I click. I clicked the box for English and then my mind was blown. Everything suddenly made sense. I checked the box to receive the blessing and completed my checkout.

On cue, 10 days later a package was on the doorstep. It was wrapped in Kraft paper but covered with stamped elfs in gypsy outfits. I took it straight in to the kitchen counter and grabbed pair of scissors from the drawer that also housed the hammer, paint brush, rubber bands, finger nail clippers and 3 decks of cards. Snipped the twine and carefully cut open the paper. I heated up the vaporizer to 7.3 heat setting just as it instructed. I used the cheese grater to scrape the skin off of the sacred fruit. Then the sticky mushroom textured eggs spilled out on to the counter. They were only dry. I put exactly 33 of them in the chamber. I popped the bag onto the chamber and stuck it on the top of the volcano. The instructions stated to keep the bag on the heat for exactly 6 seconds. I took the 3 long draws and sunk onto the rug,  dropping straight into a deep happy baby yoga pose. Then the next thing I remembered being in the yard. “Getting caught up in your own experiment is always wierd but even I would have to admit that maybe I had gone a little too far this time. Now I found myself out in the lawn and only one inch tall…
