---
title: REFLECTIONS
tags:
  - reflections
  - x
  - x
---
It was shortly after another major turning point in my life. My mom had just passed, we just hit a lick, got out of subway and moved to Birmingham. I had decided I was going to soak up every bit of life. Cherish every single moment. Have fun. So I convinced a friend to take a 4 week trip to the Pacific Northwest to connect with nature and ourselves. It felt incredible to be fortunate enough to have the freedom of time to make that call. To be able to disconnect from the stream of data coming at us every waking hour. It was a rich experience. But one of my favorite memories is our first night. Our flights arrived at SEA within 30 minutes of one another. We linked in the terminal and were both all smiles. We were about to explore uncharted territory and embark on a once in a lifetime experience. We got the rental and hit up a Walmart in a shitty suburb of Seattle. Had to grab some essentials because we were hitting the cascade loop for 5 nights of camping and hiking. Pulling out of the lot, a fellow Walmart patron backs right into the back passenger door. Fuck! After 5-10 seconds of frustration we start cracking up. What can we do? It happened and here we are. We still about to go out and have an unbelievable time as soon as we do get out of this hell hole. So we fuck around for an hour dealing with it and finally hit the road. We spend a few hours driving as the sun is going down. The road is weaving up, down around a sea of pine trees. And then it’s pitch black. We started talking about bears right before pulling into the camp ground. I was a little fearful to be separated by the nylon of the ozark tent we just bought. That wouldn’t matter shortly. We slowly twist and turn through the narrow park road, winding through the pine forest. As we get close to our site the trees fan out leaving an expansive view. The full moon reflecting off of the water and brightening all of the landscape in sight. It was like we entered a different world. We got the tent set up. Grabbed a quick  campground shower and unboxed our much anticipated Crown Royal. The next 4 hours we drank, talked and listened to The Doors, mesmerized by how beautiful life is.
