Writing Prompt week 2, 10/23/2020



Breeze on the shore of crystal clear lake under the moonlight



Here I am. As always with a choice to make. A universal choice. To be mindful or not. Do I go watch the tv for 4 hours and go to bed as I have done the last 3 nights or do I think? I just spent the last 10 minutes talking to myself in the shower. I have heard a few people mention talking to themselves in the past few days. Both in favor. I agree. It’s an exercise. Thinking aloud. Quite different of an experience, the voice in your head and the words you speak. Especially when you are talking to yourself about your self. Feels a little less sharp aloud. Slower even. Back when I was giving all of my energy to becoming a better basketball player, I was once told that to get better, you have to go fast enough where you would mess up. While practicing of course. Pushing the boundaries of ability. I need to talk to myself more.



It feels like i am at a crucial point in time and space. The momentum always going one way or another. Mostly powered by our decisions. And I have been fucking up. It is unsustainable. I am not who I think I am. My thoughts of who I need and desire to be have tricked me into believing that is who I am.  Don’t get me wrong. I feel the disappointment in myself constantly and lately it is more concentrated than ever. But I don’t spend the time reflecting. Thinking. Seeking solutions to why I am acting contrary to what I know to be righteous and vital. I quickly turn on a podcast. Blow up a bag. Scroll Twitter. I have to figure out what the fuck is going on in my mind to be so distant from the man I want to be. I suppose this is a start. I could be scrolling Twitter and sucking down a bag while watching the office. I could also be working on the writing prompt for the week. Breeze on the shore of crystal clear lake under the moonlight

I have a great story that sparked the idea for this prompt. It was shortly after another major turning point in my life. My mom had just passed, we just hit a lick, got out of subway and moved to Birmingham. I had decided I was going to soak up every bit of life. Cherish every single moment. Have fun. So I convinced a friend to take a 4 week trip to the Pacific Northwest to connect with nature and ourselves. It felt incredible to be fortunate enough to have the freedom of time to make that call. To be able to disconnect from the stream of data coming at us every waking hour. It was a rich experience. But one of my favorite memories is our first night. Our flights arrived at SEA within 30 minutes of one another. We linked in the terminal and were both all smiles. We were about to explore uncharted territory and embark on a once in a lifetime experience. We got the rental and hit up a Walmart in a shitty suburb of Seattle. Had to grab some essentials because we were hitting the cascade loop for 5 nights of camping and hiking. Pulling out of the lot a fellow Walmart patron backs right into the back passenger door. Fuck! After 5-10 seconds of frustration we start cracking up. What can we do? It happened and here we are. We still about to go out and have an unbelievable time as soon as we do get out of this hell hole. So we fuck around for an hour dealing with it and finally hit road. We spend a few hours driving as the sun is going down. The road is weaving up, down around a sea of pine trees. And then it’s pitch black. We started talking about bears right before pulling into the camp ground. I was a little fearful to be separated by the nylon of ozark tent we just bought. That wouldn’t matter shortly. We slowly twist and turn through the narrow park road winding through the pine forest and as we get close to our site the trees fan out leaving an expansive view. The full moon reflecting off of the water and brightening all of the landscape in sight. It was like we entered a different world. We got the tent set up. Grabbed a quick  campground shower and unboxed our much anticipated Crown Royal. The next 4 hours we drank, talked and listened to the doors mesmerized by how beautiful life is. 
