Week 3.  10/30/2020
Prompt: I woke up in a strange space. Head space I mean. Like my mind cracked through my skull and amalgamated with that which cannot be explained. I will never be the same. How could I? It was a cosmic interpretation. 


I keep getting served the same ad over and over again on Twitter. This little Greta thornberg looking bitch connecting all the dots like she is fucking rain man himself. So annoying. I throw the phone into the pillow. I fucking hate these grey walls. Why couldn’t the previous owner have fucking painted them a different color. I should call Dare’El and see about borrowing his neuro-boost. There’s a new download available for premium platinum plus users. Dare’El throws me his scraps every now and again. The ad describes it as a cosmic interpretation. Your mind how it was designed to operate. I have done little upgrades here and there but nothing like this. There is no going back. And there are risks. What they don’t mention in their picture perfect content is that 10% of users have what they call a blank canvas. Where your entire identity is wiped clean. They spend big dolla Bill bytes to suppress the stories coming out from Kin to those folks. They say it only happens to those with a vitamin d deficiency and I take 5k iu daily. I laid back in my sleep net and buttoned the neuro boost to the back or my neck. Navigated through the module got comfortable and pressed begin. 


The race was 1/2 way over when the shroomies kicked in. Lenny kept going on and on about his uncle Glenn’s private lake where they raised hounds down in Mexico. Who knew they had Beatles like that south of the border. He bragged about the high ceilings. “Techo Alto” he said proudly. Then he said we could take the boat out any time and his uncle stayed with a gaggle of hoes. So Barry, who drove to the race, proposed we take a road trip. We were floating by this time. I mean ass in the sky looking down and up at the same time. So we were like fuck it. It’s only 18 hours to Topi Tapa. Let’s do this shit. Glenn brought his ratty ass friend Gus because he said he drives cross Country and would be the driver if he could come. Last thing I remember is screaming highway to hell with my head out the sunroof. I woke up in a strange place. Turns out we made it All the way to Abilene.
