Week 8 12/4/20 free form flow
Shortness of life
I laid awake last night thinking about how my mom was only 9 years older than I am when she died. Just like that. Poof. She will never meet her grandson. Then my mind wonders to my own fate. Will I be around to be a parent? I imagine my son being raised without me. I imagine not having Brittany here with me. I haven’t ever conceptualized Brittany getting sick and dying. It shakes me. My heart starts to race. Morbid thoughts, but real. 

What a fraud. 79% of Americans believe Marijuana should be legal. Over 90% believe it should not be criminal. Yet big Brother has decided we the people can’t decide for ourselves. We are supposed to have a representative government. How long will those elected to serve and govern based on our desires continue to reject their obligations? Power to the people. Time to start firing these cunts. 

Exercise: open random book. Start using the content within to write some rhymes. Book: Wealth, Poverty and Politics by Thomas Sowell. This is a mash up. 

Facts can’t speak for themselves
So let us try and clarify
I’m alex Jones at the grove
Man I’m Feeling terrified 
Began from primitive squalor
Sustained higher standards of living
But worship a paper dollar
Pressed to find food, I’m isolated 
Confined, remote have to fight to make it
They say that Genius 
buds from fertile lands
Now we frequent the strip club
With them rubber bands 
I’m on strictly potion
Stick to the motions 
I’m somewhere remote
Sitting by the ocean
These are all facts 
What ya mean boy
These are all facts
What ya mean boy

Let’s mAke a sharp distinction
Influence and determinism
it’s got me thinkin 
Man it’s Got me thinking
A peculiar time and place
Looking in my mirror 
And I’m staring at my face
What do I really see
My finger starts to trace
While I’m here
I might as well make my case
And then my mind escapes
Breaking boundaries 
Between dimension time and space
Pump ya brakes 
No
Please pump the bass
Mr base god
Please pump the bass
( Bass bumps transition)





Freestyle flow bases loaded and I’m bunting it going for it on fourth while these mothertcukers punting it. 
Left the luncheon
Pull up at the function with a thumb drive

