---
title: WEST WEST
tags:
  - west west
  - x
  - x
---
What feels better than a vacation after a vacation? Travel. It's not for everybody. Maybe I was a wanderer in a previous life. I love the exploratory nature of visiting a new place or space. We stayed at the Palms last night in Vegas. As a matter of a fact, I was banned from entry at Ghostbar, the Palms rooftop lounge. There was a power hungry chick in an all-black tux working the elevator security. She had a short slick gelled cut, studs, and a Motorola earpiece. She spotted my Yeezy's while I was passing the craps table, maybe 20 yards away. Made an exaggerated stank face while shaking her head and smirking. I knew I was in for it. Thumb on her two-way walkie, she says something under her breath. I tried to break into the middle of the pack to go unnoticed. Lol. The arrogance. She gets to me and straight-faced she says, “ No sneakers, you are going to have to change shoes to get in. Mumbles back in mic.” I make my case like Ted Cruz on a zoom Judge Judy edition. By that time backup arrived and just like out of a Hollywood film, two meatheads with their arms crossed approach. The bottom speaks up in an exaggerated deep tone, “ You gotta go, bro.” I've made a scene on a low-key Thursday with acquaintances. My blood is pumping. In pure classic asshole fashion, I say “Man fuck yall, I’m out this bitch”. The rest of the party hopped on the Elevator and went up to the 55th floor. I walked off in a fog of shame towards the slot machines.

The time it takes to fly from Vegas to LA is comparable to a long lunch. That’s including the uber to the airport and flight time. LAX recently redesigned their transportation plan and it is like tying your dick to a fan. But it was Friday late afternoon and the rental car shuttle was pulling up right as we walked out of terminal 3. Shits going real smooth at this point. Next is usually a 30-minute traffic jam to get through terminal 4-6, but not today. Not today. With momentum on our side, we are in and out of Fox Car Rentals. I forget how much I enjoy an LA sunset. The orange and pink bursts behind the Palms. The temperature at sunset on most LA days is enough to just make you stop, take a deep breath, smile, and absorb the wonder. We usually get to LA in the morning and head downtown. That has a whole different feeling for me. It’s not so much related to being in LA, but more of a headspace. An appreciation for the freedom we have. My work week is exploring. Sunsets. Walks down the hilly streets of silver lake. When we get in, the first stop 9 times out of 10 is the High Note dispensary on Jefferson and Cochran in Culver City. It’s on the way downtown from LAX. Next, like clockwork, we hit the Vegan Joint. Their house fried rice has my mouth watering writing this. The raisins and cashews set that shit off. Anyways. January 24, 2020, was different. We went northwest from LAX on the 405, I10 West towards Santa Monica. I10 runs straight into the Pacific where it turns into the Pacific Highway. We veered North toward Mailbu.

Winter eats at my well being. I crave the warmth of the sun shining on my face. That winter week in LA hits different. Balances me out in the winter. We were so excited to spend 3 days lounging in bed with the doors open listening to the waves crash. Imagine laying on a cloud of bedding, spread out, sun shining on your face, the sea permeating your skin and lungs. It was a beautiful time. Lots of smiling, laughing, daydreaming, imagining what life would hold for us. The endless possibilities. We slept in Sunday. Just laying in bed talking, tuning in to the moment. Then we got hungry. Started getting dressed. Checked my phone. Saw someone tweeted that Kobe had just been killed in a helicopter crash...

Isn’t life grand? I love my drive into the city. Especially when the leaves are turning colors. (Car behind honks and peels off) “fuck you, you cunt piece of shit.”
