Week 4: Writing
Writing is utilitarian. Recording information, discovering oneself and beyond, communication and art are the first mechanisms that come to mind. A full spectrum of possibilities. I drift to the idea of how a consistent practice of writing daily can exponentially improve my life and others around me. The endeavor is probably the the most impactful action I can take in this life. No joke. I can’t think of any other action I could take that would contribute more positive energy into the world. It’s a selfish act in that I want to learn more about myself, develop my intellect, improve my ability to communicate, to formulate myself to the world and to simply be a better person. I believe if one can know oneself truly, peace emanates far beyond the self. To know oneself is to know everyone else. Empathy. Love not fear. 

Writing seems to me, to be a form of thinking, with more order and responsiblilty. Forcing one to deal with the thoughts arising in the mind. It seems easy to suppress memories, ideas or thoughts when they are kept in one’s head. They can simply be turned down or even off. Placed in the human data cloud, never to be dealt with. It seems, when we begin to write, type or record we are able to format an idea or concept in a way that we can properly focus on it. Order arising from the chaos of our thoughts. Imagine being flashed a plethora of images and then asked to draw all of the images that were hurled at you like a defunct batting cage machine. How does that contrast to having the images printed out and organized in front of you on a futuristic projector top to trace? 

I think about the times in my life when I have turned to writing as self care. I remember buying my first “journal” when my mom passed. Before then I found myself balling on a flight from Tampa to Indianapolis. Confronting my reality. I opened up my phone and started typing. I felt it was imperative to express how I was feeling. To release those thoughts in some visible form. 

I wrote letters to college basketball coaches expressing why I was the point guard they needed. I was spamming folks before junk mail. In reality I was chasing a dream. One that I had invested all of my energy in achieving. Writing was a proactive measure to ensure I controlled everything I could to reach my goal. 

Here is an excerpt from when I took the time to write on October 4 2016 in Denver Colorado.
